Hey, so I wanted to formalize the idea that knowledge is sin, or the idea that I refer to something like that because the connotations are are too negative. And I don't really mean it like that. I just mean that we're just talking about reflectively and reflexively.

I'm basically saying that the universe

is united verse, or one verse, and the universe is also controversial, as in the controversy comes from the reflexive nature, or the reflective nature of the universe, the opposing forces of the universe, the opposite view of the universe, everything is a reflection of everything else inside this universe that we have. And since it's a united verse, a universe reflection is a self reflection, which, by nature, makes it a controversial as far as even if we just look at the definition of the words contra to be against, controversial against the verse. And what we're doing is we're uniting a verse by acknowledging that the universe is built on controversy. So we're not speaking of anything negative. We're just highlighting the fact that there's a circulation and there's a push and a pull to the universe, and that you can't have one without the other, and that the simple fact of there's controversy does not mean that it's a negative thing. When if there was no controversy, there would be no need to pay attention to anything. There will be need no need for entropy that refinement. There'll be no need for entropy reduction. There'll be no need for for reduction. There'll be no need for differentiation. Everything will be the same. There. be nothing different. Everything. You will be able to look upon a void, and all the void to be the void, and you wouldn't be able to understand nothing. So by definition of our conscious ability, like we literally are controversial, and we're literally found in our we're literally describing our most controversial views, inputs and positions because, because this is what you know, boxes us in compared to everybody else. This is self inflicted boxes, a box for other people. And I just think it's if we don't know the position that we fit in. Of course we're going to keep running into controversial boxes or controversial positions or controversial groupings. But if we're able to be aware of the position that we fit in with everybody else's kind is controversial, are the different verses or the different stories of their life are stories of the image of God, then I think that we could be able to find a better harmony, and we just have to be able to acknowledge that that's what the main thing is just acknowledging that we don't know it all and be to understand that we know it through everything. through others. And through it all.

This transcript was generated by https://otter.ai

